test one demo. So I'm using the switch, nine, for the right enable, and I'm using switch Hu for as the specified address. So for the demo purpose we will just pick a random address, and it will not see the address will be displaying hacks visible on hacks
five and four.
Yeah.
So it will display like updates every clock cycle.
Sorry, the computers.
And so for any address we picked. We can input a data on spurge three to zero.
So if we put on to we can see that the input data will be displayed in hexadecimal on hacks to.
And if we let this go through a clock cycle, which we're using zero.
It will display be read it I'll read the addresses value and display ads on hacks zero.
So if we change the value, we will see that it also updates.
Yeah. Oh it's.
If we this enable.
Right. And the week we change it again.